Subject Age Group: Subject Age Group (10 year increments) as reported by the officer.
Subject ID: Key, generated daily, identifying unique subjects in the dataset using a character to character match of first name and last name.
GO / SC Num: General Offense or Street Check number, relating the Terry Stop to the parent report.
Terry Stop ID: Key identifying unique Terry Stop reports.
Stop Resolution: Resolution of the stop as reported by the officer.
Weapon Type: Type of weapon, if any, identified during a search or frisk of the subject.
Officer ID: Key identifying unique officers in the dataset.
Officer YOB: Year of birth, as reported by the officer.
Officer Gender: Gender of the officer, as reported by the officer.
Officer Race: Race of the officer, as reported by the officer.
Subject Perceived Race: Perceived race of the subject, as reported by the officer.
Subject Perceived Gender: Perceived gender of the subject, as reported by the officer.
Reported Date: Date the report was filed in the Records Management System (RMS).
Reported Time: Time the stop was reported in the Records Management System (RMS).
Initial Call Type: Initial classification of the call as assigned by 911.
Final Call Type: Final classification of the call as assigned by the primary officer closing the event.
Call Type: How the call was received by the communication center.
Officer Squad: Functional squad assignment (not budget) of the officer as reported by the Data Analytics Platform (DAP).
Arrest Flag: Indicator of whether a "physical arrest" was made, of the subject, during the Terry Stop. Does not necessarily reflect a report of an arrest in the Records Management System (RMS).
Frisk Flag: Indicator of whether a "frisk" was conducted, by the officer, of the subject, during the Terry Stop.
Precinct: Precinct of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.
Sector: Sector of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.
Beat: Beat of the address associated with the underlying Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) event. Not necessarily where the Terry Stop occurred.
